Sir, please sign for the good car purchased for you.
This sports car is worth 8 million
Li Fei accepts it
Lu Xuan
I don't want to be with you for money
Here you go.
Now.
It's not whether you want to be with him or not
This 8 million sports car
It's a drop in the bucket compared to Li Shao's bride price
He wants to marry you, but he can't
Don't worry.
Everything hasn't arrived yet.
Simp, are you finished?
Everyone knows how much money you have
Accept your fate
Jiang Yufei
What good is it to follow this trash?
If you follow Li Le
They have far more than they do now.
Sir, you bought a villa worth 1 billion
The procedures have been completed
Here's your 1 billion check, sir
Give him these
This is my bride price for proposing to him
come down
expert
The old lady knew that Lu Xuan was a hundred times more powerful than garbage
I also want my mother to let go of Lu Xuan
dream
Even if the education concubine and Lu Xuan are together today
I can also be a little four or five
How did it go?
Is my dowry high or yours high?
Why don't you come out again?
But I'll double what you pay.
How can you be so rich?